Documentation for the new JSON viewer tool (#2378)
MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer: microsoft-edge/web-platform/web-platform.md

*  Detecting Microsoft Edge from your website.
*  Detecting Windows 11 by using User-Agent Client Hints.
*  Customizing the **password reveal** button.
*  Viewing formatted JSON responses and files in browser tabs.

> These aspects of developing for, and with, Microsoft Edge are described below.

Reviewer: @codepo8 - is this positioning ok, "developing for ... Microsoft Edge"?  or too narrow?  It includes "developing with", to soften.

Reviewer: this thread can be Resolved, b/c top of article's list now has
*  The JSON viewer matches your operating system's dark or light theme.

The `password` input control in Microsoft Edge includes a **password reveal** button.  To make sure that the password is entered correctly, a user can click the **password reveal** button or press `Alt`+`F8`, to show the characters in the password field.  You can remove the **password reveal** control, or customize the control styling.

See [Customize the password reveal button](password-reveal.md).

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## View formatted JSON responses or files

> When your web server responds to HTTP requests with data encoded as JSON, this data isn't always easy to read and is sometimes returned as one line of text. The same can occur when opening a JSON file from disk.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sometimes your web server responds to HTTP requests by returning data encoded as JSON.  JSON data can be difficult to read when it's formatted as a single long, concatenated line of text. The same can occur when opening a JSON file from disk.
```

> Microsoft Edge includes the **JSON viewer**, a tool that changes the JSON data shown in a browser tab to make it easier to read.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Microsoft Edge includes the **JSON viewer**, a tool that reformats the JSON data shown in a browser to make it easier to read.
```

> Sometimes a web server responds to HTTP requests by returning data encoded as JSON.  JSON data can be difficult to read when it's formatted as a single long, concatenated line of text. The same can occur when opening a JSON file from disk.
> 
> Microsoft Edge includes the **JSON viewer**, a tool that reformats the JSON data shown in a browser to make it easier to read.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Microsoft Edge includes the **JSON viewer**, a tool that automatically reformats and highlights the JSON data shown in a browser to make it easier to read.  The **JSON viewer** reformats JSON server responses and local files, and indicates any lines that have syntax errors.

Formatting and highlighting JSON data is useful because sometimes a web server responds to HTTP requests by returning data encoded as JSON.  JSON data can be difficult to read when it's formatted as a single long, concatenated line of text. The same can occur when opening a JSON file from disk.
```

> Sometimes a web server responds to HTTP requests by returning data encoded as JSON.  JSON data can be difficult to read when it's formatted as a single long, concatenated line of text. The same can occur when opening a JSON file from disk.
> 
> Microsoft Edge includes the **JSON viewer**, a tool that reformats the JSON data shown in a browser to make it easier to read.
> 
> The **JSON viewer** automatically formats and highlights JSON responses and files in browser tabs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Microsoft Edge includes the **JSON viewer**, a tool that automatically reformats and highlights the JSON data shown in a browser to make it easier to read.  The **JSON viewer** reformats JSON server responses and local files, and indicates any lines that have syntax errors.

Formatting and highlighting JSON data is useful because sometimes a web server responds to HTTP requests by returning data encoded as JSON.  JSON data can be difficult to read when it's formatted as a single long, concatenated line of text. The same can occur when opening a JSON file from disk.
```
